Add `builtin-grading` attribute to <pl-multiple-choice> for answer-fidelity-validation optout (#14912)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/elements/pl-multiple-choice.md

| `allow-blank`                | boolean                                              | false                       | Whether an empty submission is allowed. If `allow-blank` is set to `true`, a submission that does not select any option will be marked as incorrect instead of invalid.                              |
| `answers-name`               | string                                               | —                           | Variable name to store data in. Note that this attribute has to be unique within a question, i.e., no value for this attribute should be repeated within a question.                                 |
| `aria-label`                 | string                                               | `"Multiple choice options"` | An accessible label for the element.                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | `builtin-grading`            | boolean                                              | true                        | Whether the element performs its own grading. If `false`, grading must be handled by a `grade()` function in `server.py`. See [Disabling built-in grading](#disabling-built-in-grading) for details. |

Reviewer: This is too restrictive. In some cases no grading is expected, or grading will be manual.
```suggestion
| `builtin-grading`            | boolean                                              | true                        | Whether the element performs its own grading. If `false`, any required grading must be performed explicitly through other means. See [Disabling built-in grading](#disabling-built-in-grading) for details. |
```

- `"correct"`: the corresponding choice will always be shown and will always be the correct answer.
- `"incorrect"`: the corresponding choice will always be shown and will always be an incorrect answer (i.e., a distractor).

### Disabling built-in grading

Setting `builtin-grading="false"` causes the element to display choices and collect submissions without awarding any points on its own. This is useful in scenarios such as:

- **Survey-style questions** where there is no single correct answer.
- **Multi-element dependencies** where the correct answer depends on other elements and must be evaluated together.
- **Complex or manual grading** where correctness requires logic beyond simple answer matching.

When `builtin-grading="false"` is set:

- The element does **not** require any answer to have `correct="true"`.

> - The element does **not** produce a score. To grade submissions automatically, you must supply a `grade()` function in `server.py`. Without one, all submissions will receive a score of zero.

Reviewer: Nit, for completeness:
```suggestion
- The element does **not** produce a score. To grade submissions automatically, you must supply a [`grade()` function in `server.py`](../question/server.md#step-5-grade) or be evaluated by an [external grader](../externalGrading.md). Without one, the score will be based on other gradable elements in the question (or receive a score of zero if there are no other elements).
```

Author: thanks for these!
